Updates docs for geneformer training, inference, and cellxclassification (#823)
NVIDIA/bionemo-framework: docs/docs/models/geneformer.md

## Training diagnostics

### geneformer-10M-240530
<!-- WandB Logs: https://wandb.ai/clara-discovery/Geneformer-pretraining-jsjconfigs/runs/i8LWOctg?nw=nwuserjomitchell -->
Training was performed on 8 servers with 8 A100 GPUs each for a total of 81485 steps using the CELLxGENE split with a per-gpu micro batch size 32 and global batch size of 2048. Training took a total of 4 days, 8 hours of wallclock time. As can be seen in the following images, training and validation curves both decreased fairly smoothly throughout the course of training. 

![Training Loss Geneformer 10M](../assets/images/geneformer/geneformer_10m_training_loss.png)
![Validation Loss Geneformer 10M](../assets/images/geneformer/geneformer_10m_val_loss.png)
 

232 minutes.

> ### geneformer-106M-240530

Reviewer: Maybe we should update the names too? 240530->240418 ?

Reviewer: or create a new entry.

<!-- WandB Logs https://wandb.ai/clara-discovery/geneformer-pretraining-106m/runs/3uydymaa?nw=nwuserjomitchell -->

> This checkpoint was trained for approximately 76,549 steps using the CELLxGENE split. Training was performed on 1 server with 8 H100 GPUs each for a total of 76549 steps using the CELLxGENE split with a per-gpu micro batch size 16 and global batch size of 128. Training took a total of 3 hours and 9 minutes of wallclock time. As can be seen in the following image, training and validation curves both decreased fairly smoothly throughout the course of training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This checkpoint was trained for approximately 35,650 steps using the CELLxGENE split. Training was performed on 16 servers with 8 A100 GPUs each for a total of 35,650 steps using the CELLxGENE split with a per-gpu micro batch size 16 and global batch size of 2,048. Training took a total of 8 hours of wallclock time. As can be seen in the following image, training and validation curves both decreased fairly smoothly throughout the course of training.
```
